Configure for use with RS256, remove userinfo audience (#36)
auth0-samples/auth0-servlet-sample: 01-Login/README.md

## Getting started

This sample demonstrates how to use Auth0 to perform authentication using the Auth0 Java MVC Commons library in a Java Servlet web application. Download or clone this repository and follow the instructions below to configure and run the application.

To learn more about the Auth0 Java MVC Commons library, refer to the project's [documentation](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-java-mvc-common/blob/master/README.md).

### Auth0 Dashboard

1. On the [Auth0 Dashboard](https://manage.auth0.com/#/clients), click **CREATE APPLICATION**, provide a name for your Application, select **Regular Web Application**, and click **Create**
1. Go to the **Settings** tab of your Application
1. Add the URL `http://localhost:3000/callback` to the **Allowed Callback URLs** field

> 1. Add the URL `http://localhost:3000/login` to the **Allowed Logout URLs** field

Reviewer: `/login` is correct to add to Logout URLs?

Author: It is. The sample could use an overhaul, but not part of this PR.

1. Click **SAVE CHANGES**
1. The `Domain`, `Client ID`, and `Client Secret` values will be used next to configure the Java application

### Java Application

> Set the client values in the `src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the Auth0 Application values from above in the `src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml` file.
```
